Xiaoya
As long as you don't betray me
You will always be safe.
Mengyao
How did you become like this?
It was Li Xiaoya who found someone to fight
Li Xiaoya
Why did I record him confessing to murder?
But he joined forces with an old man
Snatched the evidence
Then we
Can't find any evidence?
Don't worry, I've already made the reserve fee.
You have this recording
You can humiliate him wantonly
I will hold a press conference tomorrow to expose it.
Then send him directly to prison
What are you doing here?
You are not welcome here
I have found it.
You confessed to killing my dad
I don't understand what you're saying.
I've killed people.
Five years now.